He served as the first Prime Minister of Australia and became a founding justice of the High Court of Australia .
He served as the first Prime Minister of Australia .
He became a founding justice of the High Court of Australia .

Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window for nearly five hours .
Graner left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .

It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to tax credits , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to tax credits , cases involving conflict diamonds .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to tax credits , cases involving CITES .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to drug smuggling , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to drug smuggling , cases involving conflict diamonds .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to drug smuggling , cases involving CITES .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to money laundering , cases involving conflict diamonds .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to money laundering , cases involving CITES .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to indirect taxes , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes , cases involving conflict diamonds .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to indirect taxes , cases involving conflict diamonds .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes , cases involving CITES .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to indirect taxes , cases involving CITES .

Because of this association , St. Michael was considered to be the patron saint of colonial Maryland , and as such was honored by the river being named for him .
Because of this association , St. Michael was considered to be the patron saint of colonial Maryland .
Because of this association , St. Michael as such was honored by the river being named for him .

The show was designed to appear as if the viewer was channel surfing through a multi-channel wasteland , happening upon spoof adverts , short sketches , and recurring show elements .
The show was designed to appear as if the viewer was channel surfing through a multi-channel wasteland , happening upon spoof adverts .
The show was designed to appear as if the viewer was channel surfing through a multi-channel wasteland , happening upon short sketches .
The show was designed to appear as if the viewer was channel surfing through a multi-channel wasteland , happening upon recurring show elements .

Several years later the remaining trackage at Charles City was abandoned .


Dr. Jagan himself was personally involved in the organization of the strike , and helped to raise funds across the country to it .
Dr. Jagan himself was personally involved in the organization of the strike .
Dr. Jagan himself helped to raise funds across the country to it .

In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .


Instead of ablating the tissue , the laser cuts a portion of the prostate , which is then cut into smaller pieces and flushed with irrigation fluid .
Instead of ablating the tissue , the laser cuts a portion of the prostate , which is then cut into smaller pieces .
Instead of ablating the tissue , the laser cuts a portion of the prostate , which is then flushed with irrigation fluid .

`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 .
`` Kormoran '' was the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .

He and his friends were said to have made bombs for fun on the outskirts of Murray , Utah .
He were said to have made bombs for fun on the outskirts of Murray , Utah .
his friends were said to have made bombs for fun on the outskirts of Murray , Utah .

A large gravestone was erected in 1866 , over 100 years after his death .


In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator .
In 1879 , he was tipped as a Presidential candidate .
In 1879 , he died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .

This led morning show host Ryan Cameron to lobby for a frequency change for WHTA by putting together a petition from listeners at the risk of losing his job under Radio One 's management .


Each of the programs uses a combination of funding priorities and geographic requirements to select grants , described on the foundation 's web site .
Each of the programs uses a combination of funding priorities to select grants , described on the foundation 's web site .
Each of the programs uses a combination of geographic requirements to select grants , described on the foundation 's web site .

The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer Benjamin Constant .
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after political philosopher Benjamin Constant .
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss classical liberal think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer Benjamin Constant .
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss classical liberal think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after political philosopher Benjamin Constant .
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer Benjamin Constant .
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after political philosopher Benjamin Constant .

The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .


They have a large range of possible power supplies , and can be 380V , 1000V , or even higher .
They have a large range of possible power supplies .
They can be 380V .
They can be 1000V .
They can be even higher .

She began her film career in 1947 in the film `` A New Oath '' .


The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .
The brightest star in Serpens , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .
The brightest star in Alpha Serpentis , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .
The brightest star in Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .

This manual for warriors describes the necessity for understanding an opponent 's weaknesses , for using spies , and for striking in moments of weakness .
This manual for warriors describes the necessity for understanding an opponent 's weaknesses .
This manual for warriors describes the necessity for using spies .
This manual for warriors describes the necessity for striking in moments of weakness .

It was club policy to promote talent into the senior team that was adopted by Bill Dimovski .


Vaccinations against other viral diseases followed , including the successful rabies vaccination by Louis Pasteur in 1886 .


One major difference between the two models is that the Photographic Model follows more of a step-by-step process in the development of flashbulb accounts , whereas the Comprehensive Model demonstrates an interconnected relationship between the variables .


That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel .
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to defeat several attacks on the building .

His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s .
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .

Arminius , leader of the Cherusci and allies , now had a free hand .
Arminius , leader of the Cherusci , now had a free hand .
Arminius , leader of the allies , now had a free hand .

The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of religion .
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of customs .
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of and national dress code .
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of the monastic practices of the monasteries .
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of music .
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of dance .
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature .
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of in the media .
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature .
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of .
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of .
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of .

`` My Classical Way '' was released on 21 September 2010 on Marc 's own label , Frazzy Frog Music .


In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .
In England , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 .
In England , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .
In Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 .
In Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .

Lugo and Lozano were released in 1993 and continue to reside in Venezuela .
Lugo were released in 1993 .
Lugo continue to reside in Venezuela .
Lozano were released in 1993 .
Lozano continue to reside in Venezuela .

Often , objects are so far away that they do not contribute significantly to the final image .


The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann .
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .

They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors and painters from the US , the UK and Canada at Pine Plains , New York .
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors from the US at Pine Plains , New York .
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors from the UK at Pine Plains , New York .
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors from Canada at Pine Plains , New York .
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty painters from the US at Pine Plains , New York .
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty painters from the UK at Pine Plains , New York .
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty painters from Canada at Pine Plains , New York .

The town and surrounding villages were hit by two moderate earthquakes within ten years .
The town were hit by two moderate earthquakes within ten years .
surrounding villages were hit by two moderate earthquakes within ten years .

She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras and Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .
She received Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .
She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls from I.I.T Madras .
She received her Master Degree in the field of Guidance from I.I.T Madras .
She received her Master Degree in the field of Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras .

The theatrical flourishes and unique gimmicks she used in her stage show went beyond established burlesque routines like the fan dance and balloon dance .
The theatrical flourishes she used in her stage show went beyond established burlesque routines like the fan dance .
The theatrical flourishes she used in her stage show went beyond established burlesque routines like the balloon dance .
The unique gimmicks she used in her stage show went beyond established burlesque routines like the fan dance .
The unique gimmicks she used in her stage show went beyond established burlesque routines like the balloon dance .

The RIAA lists it as one of the Best Selling Albums of All Time .


The Cathedral and the belfry were thoroughly renovated from 2006 to 2008 .
The Cathedral were thoroughly renovated from 2006 to 2008 .
the belfry were thoroughly renovated from 2006 to 2008 .

When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .


These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .
These screening activities include : review of group-based data .
These screening activities include : review by the Special Education administration .
These screening activities include : hearing screening .
These screening activities include : vision screening .
These screening activities include : motor screening .
These screening activities include : speech/language screening .

He probably saw active service as a soldier for the Scottish forces in The Netherlands in the later 1570s , although there is no certain documentary evidence of this .


The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss could hear the work performed .
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that an invited audience could hear the work performed .

This is usually caused by interacting inductive and capacitive elements in the oscillator .
This is usually caused by interacting inductive elements in the oscillator .
This is usually caused by interacting capacitive elements in the oscillator .

Sligo town then became an incorporated municipal borough with a Royal Charter issued by the British King James I in 1613/14 .


Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left .
in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .

As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled references and innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .
As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled references relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .
As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .

23.8 % of all households were made up of individuals and 13.0 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
23.8 % of all households were made up of individuals .
13.0 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age .
13.0 % had someone living alone who was older .

Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .


The British Army had been shown to be overstretched by the Crimean War , while the mutiny in India had led to the responsibility for providing a garrison in the subcontinent from the Honourable East India Company to the Crown forces .


Just above seen is a replica of a Shiva lingam .


The ninth leaf contains a circular world map measuring in circumference .


It hosts the `` Zomercarnaval '' , the second largest Caribbean carnival in Europe , originally called the Antillean carnival .


The power cepstrum of a signal is defined as the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform of a signal .


Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .
Many lodge members , youth , are active staff members of both Scout Scout camps .
Many lodge members , youth , are active staff members of both Cub Scout camps .
Many lodge members , adult , are active staff members of both Scout Scout camps .
Many lodge members , adult , are active staff members of both Cub Scout camps .

From 1970 to 1985 , Gideon Rodan taught at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine until he switched over to Merck .


These are known as Porter 's three generic strategies and can be applied to any size or form of business .
These are known as Porter 's three generic strategies .
These can be applied to any size .
These can be applied to any form of business .

For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes support groups and/or psychotherapy .
For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes support groups .
For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes psychotherapy .

They do n't possess eyelids so they must lick their eyeballs clean in order to keep them moist .


They acquired the Charles City Western on December 31 , 1963 .


Hofmann was born in Salt Lake City , Utah .


In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate .
In 1962 , Salahuddin later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .

Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Quanzhou , Xiamen and Zhangzhou , locals all speak Minnan languages .
Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Quanzhou , locals all speak Minnan languages .
Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Xiamen , locals all speak Minnan languages .
Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Zhangzhou , locals all speak Minnan languages .

Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .


Though this time , the Brumbies won , 47 to 38 in front of a record crowd at Canberra Stadium .


A different judge then ordered the case reviewed by a higher court .


As a result , environmental factors are also understood to contribute heavily to the strength of intimate relationships .


For liquid-packed vessels , thermal relief valves are generally characterized by the relatively small size of the valve necessary to provide protection from excess pressure caused by thermal expansion .


Callaghan 's decision on the Japanese pilot 's funeral in 1945 would receive praise years later , although a memorial service aboard the `` Missouri '' in April 2001 attracted controversy .


After this she became very ill with a severe cold or pneumonia .
After this she became very ill with a severe cold .
After this she became very ill with pneumonia .

The RSNO 's base is at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow and is also used as its recording venue ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .
The RSNO 's base is at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .
The RSNO 's base is also used as its recording venue ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .

His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force , capable of transmuting living objects from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force , capable of transmuting organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force , capable of erasing living objects from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force , capable of erasing organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting living objects from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either disintegrating energy , capable of erasing living objects from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either disintegrating energy , capable of erasing organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .

The 2005 model introduced a third row of seats to the Pathfinder line for the first time .


The district also provides recreation and leisure services to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis .
The district also provides recreation services to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis .
The district also provides leisure services to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis .

The very ease of acquiring Esperanto might even accelerate the process .


He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different .
He further stated that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .

The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall .
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as Usher Hall .
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as Caird Hall .
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as Aberdeen Music Hall .
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as Perth Concert Hall .
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as Eden Court Inverness .

Five years later , Alvarez was reunited with his family in New York and his father was able to start a business in Hoboken , New Jersey .
Five years later , Alvarez was reunited with his family in New York .
Five years later , his father was able to start a business in Hoboken , New Jersey .

The Anti-Monitor began to siphon the positive matter of New York City to create his Antimatter waves .


These tracks have subsequently been included on CD reissues of the album `` The Plan '' .


He develops significance both as a recurrent character in the series and friend to Dream , appearing in a total of seven issues spanning six hundred years .
He develops significance both as a recurrent character in the series , appearing in a total of seven issues spanning six hundred years .
He develops significance both as friend to Dream , appearing in a total of seven issues spanning six hundred years .

Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .


In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to The Three Stooges , Looney Tunes , and `` Home Alone '' .
In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to The Three Stooges .
In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to Looney Tunes .
In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to `` Home Alone '' .

Within England and especially Scotland , there were repeated attempts by the deposed House of Stewart to regain the throne , leading to severe uprisings .
Within England , there were repeated attempts by the deposed House of Stewart to regain the throne , leading to severe uprisings .
Within especially Scotland , there were repeated attempts by the deposed House of Stewart to regain the throne , leading to severe uprisings .

These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .
These skills were readily proven when squadrons were mobilized during the Korean War .
These skills were readily proven when squadrons were mobilized during the Berlin Crisis .
These skills were readily proven when squadrons were recalled back to active duty during the Korean War .
These skills were readily proven when squadrons were recalled back to active duty during the Berlin Crisis .
These skills were readily proven when personnel were mobilized during the Korean War .
These skills were readily proven when personnel were mobilized during the Berlin Crisis .
These skills were readily proven when personnel were recalled back to active duty during the Korean War .
These skills were readily proven when personnel were recalled back to active duty during the Berlin Crisis .

For example , when two such hydrophobic particles come very close , the clathrate-like baskets surrounding them merge .


The doctor , Erasistratus , suspects love is behind Antiochus 's suffering .


The Lletty Shenkin explosion of 1849 , in particular , led to demands the local middle classes in Aberdare , for improved safety in the mines .


In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul .
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu attempted to popularize it in Britain .
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu encountered considerable resistance .

The two companies are teaming up again for the Future Vertical Lift prototype called SB-1 Defiant , where employees from both companies will work together .


He had been at the Battle of the Granicus River , and had believed that Memnon 's scorched Earth strategy would work here .
He had been at the Battle of the Granicus River .
He had believed that Memnon 's scorched Earth strategy would work here .

The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath .
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .

Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney provides state pensions to surviving family members of police who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers killed while serving the public good .
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney provides state pensions to surviving family members of police who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of firefighters killed while serving the public good .
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney provides state pensions to surviving family members of firefighters who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers killed while serving the public good .
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney provides state pensions to surviving family members of firefighters who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of firefighters killed while serving the public good .
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney provides state pensions to surviving family members of emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers killed while serving the public good .
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney provides state pensions to surviving family members of emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of firefighters killed while serving the public good .
Legislation signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers killed while serving the public good .
Legislation signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of firefighters killed while serving the public good .
Legislation signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of firefighters who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers killed while serving the public good .
Legislation signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of firefighters who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of firefighters killed while serving the public good .
Legislation signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers killed while serving the public good .
Legislation signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of firefighters killed while serving the public good .

The latter was lifted only as the b-side of `` Keep on Loving Me '' .


The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by keyboardist Philippe Saisse , and vocalists Jasmine Roy and Rebeca Vega .
The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by keyboardist Philippe Saisse .
The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by vocalists Jasmine Roy .
The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by vocalists Rebeca Vega .

QVC Network Inc. said it completed its acquisition of CVN Cos. for about $ 423 million .


Mr. Ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint .


Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .


After a break of four years , he became a Lord Justice of Appeal .


Salomon Brothers says , `` We believe the real estate properties would trade at a discount ... after the realty unit is spun off ... .


However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems . ''
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray is `` gentle on the female organ . ''

Ms. Waleson is a free - lance writer based in New York .


Premark International Inc. , for example , peddles the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator , a $ 2,000 stationary cycle .


Mrs. Marcos 's trial is expected to begin in March .


Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically -- with new life forms .
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- commercially -- with new life forms .

The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two - year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York .


Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia - Pacific is offering .


The machine can run software written for other Mips computers , the company said .


That compared with an operating loss of $ 1.9 million on sales of $ 27.4 million in the year - earlier period .


President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes .


Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble .


One group of middle - aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city .


Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .
the Patent Office refused to grant it .
Boyer , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique .
Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique .

His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum , dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point .


`` There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain , '' she says .


The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .


I worry more about things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate .


We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground .
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of punching all the air out of it .
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of rolling it up .
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of cramming it into the trailer .
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of cramming the basket into the trailer .

A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .


But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market .


A company spokesman did n't know Mr. Wakeman 's age .


The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities .


The 10.48 % yield represents a spread to the 20 - year Treasury of 2.45 percentage points .


Orkem , France 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .


`` I ca n't do anything score - wise , but I like meeting the girls . ''
`` I ca n't do anything score - wise . ''
`` I like meeting the girls . ''

New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .

Four other countries in Europe have approved Proleukin in recent months .


General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F - 16 aircraft and related equipment .
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F - 16 aircraft .
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for related equipment .

The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .


When it comes to busting ghosts , the Monroe , Conn. , couple are perfect demons .


A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured .
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how much the company would invest in the transaction .

We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . ''
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors . ''
We just want a plan that at the end leaves a healthy Revco . ''

Some have been training for months ; others only recently left active status .


Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down - payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures .
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down - payment -- requirements .
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures .

He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .


The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .


A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem .


More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities , reversing a recent trend .


An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .
An alternative explanation , confirmed by recent events , is that the new Soviet economic structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .
An alternative explanation , confirmed by recent events , is that the new Soviet social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .
An alternative explanation , confirmed by a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .
An alternative explanation , confirmed by a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .
An more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events , is that the new Soviet economic structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .
An more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events , is that the new Soviet social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .
An more convincing explanation , confirmed by a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .
An more convincing explanation , confirmed by a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .

RU-486 is being administered in France only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor .


Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job .
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years .
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job .

For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .

The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .


And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up .


Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer headed for Wall Street in 1980 .
Their laboratory credentials established , Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .

Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .


He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . ''


`` They 're getting some major wins , '' she added .


Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc .


In stock - index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures and options .
In stock - index arbitrage , traders buy large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures .
In stock - index arbitrage , traders buy large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index options .
In stock - index arbitrage , traders sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures .
In stock - index arbitrage , traders sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index options .

Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc. this year adds 70 people -- 60 of them in retail -- to its 1,300 - member staff .


Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .
Eastern are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .
its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .

Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .
`` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .

Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years .
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker - raised cattle for four .
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker - never made a profit on either .
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - ex - accountant - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years .
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - ex - accountant - raised cattle for four .
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - ex - accountant - never made a profit on either .
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years .
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - son of a former stable owner - raised cattle for four .
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - son of a former stable owner - never made a profit on either .

Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics .
Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators .
Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Skeptics .

Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .


Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors .
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .

He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .
He showed up with a carpenter 's level .
He carefully measured every surface .
He showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .

A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor .
a chapel on the 14th floor .
a study hall on the 15th floor .

A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon .


According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria .
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .

Applying this technique facilitates the connection of the center of the foot with the lower abdomen .


As a result , the lower river had to be dredged three times in two years .


Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger and ultimately miscarried her child .
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger .
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , ultimately miscarried her child .

Chevalier fulfilled his promise the following year by erecting a shrine dedicated to the honour of Mary under the title of `` Our Lady of the Sacred Heart '' .


Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .
Citizens for Responsibility in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .
Citizens for Ethics in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .

Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .
Due to a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the northern reaches of Fulton Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the northern reaches of DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .
Due to a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the northern reaches of Fulton Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .
Due to a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the northern reaches of DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .

During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .
During the morning rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington .
During the morning rush hours some services run direct to/from Reading .
During the evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington .
During the evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Reading .

From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .

Having been directed to found a monastery of his order in the United States in 1873 , Fr .


He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .


He played Perker in the 1985 adaptation of `` The Pickwick Papers '' .


He represented the riding of Nickel Belt in the Sudbury , Ontario area .


He was buried in the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery .


Historically , Aiseau was a village dedicated to agriculture , logging , but also to the industry .


Hofmann was a below-average high school student , but he had many hobbies including magic , electronics , chemistry , and stamp and coin collecting .
Hofmann was a below-average high school student .
he had many hobbies including magic .
he had many hobbies including electronics .
he had many hobbies including chemistry .
he had many hobbies including stamp .
he had many hobbies including coin collecting .

However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines .
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces cluster bombs .

However , when the antigenicities of the seed strains and wild viruses do not match , vaccines fail to protect the vaccinees .
However , when the antigenicities of the seed strains do not match , vaccines fail to protect the vaccinees .
However , when the antigenicities of the wild viruses do not match , vaccines fail to protect the vaccinees .

If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .


In 1972 , he won from Yakutpura and later in 1978 , again from Charminar .
In 1972 , he won from Yakutpura .
later in 1978 , again from Charminar .

In 1972 , researchers found metallic conductivity in the charge-transfer complex TTF-TCNQ .


In 2007 , Sun announced `` Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project , replacing SXDE .


In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .

In Canada , there are two organizations that regulate university and collegiate athletics .
In Canada , there are two organizations that regulate university athletics .
In Canada , there are two organizations that regulate collegiate athletics .

In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .

In a news post , Holkins stated that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France .


In a typical case of substrate interference , a Language A occupies a given territory and another Language B arrives in the same territory .
In a typical case of substrate interference , a Language A occupies a given territory .
In a typical case of substrate interference , another Language B arrives in the same territory .

In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .


In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .


In the 1960s and 70s most of Kabul 's economy depended on tourism .
In the 1960s most of Kabul 's economy depended on tourism .
In the 70s most of Kabul 's economy depended on tourism .

In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans .
In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort .
In the Civil War , he advocated the end of slavery .
In the Civil War , he advocated civil rights for freed African Americans .

Initially his chances of surviving were thought to be no better than 50-50 .


It should be noted that these numbers are inclusive of any of the childminders own children .


Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .
it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .
Keats 's long medical training with Hammond led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security .
Keats 's long medical training at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security .
Keats 's expensive medical training with Hammond led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security .
Keats 's expensive medical training at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security .

Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 .
Kim from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he played for the varsity lacrosse team .
Kim from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government .
Kim from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in English .

Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they .
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , worked through the problems .
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , ended up exchanging a few words .
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , Clarke left the studio .

Males had a median income of $ 36,016 versus $ 32,679 for females .


Meanwhile , the Mason City Division continued to operate as usual .


Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .
Models , taking into account likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .
Models , taking into account the size of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .
Models , taking into account the room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .

Modernity has been blended without sacrificing on the traditional Buddhist ethos .


Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .


Originally , Hank McCoy retains the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape .


Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd. is a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .


Parental investment is any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring .


Plants have been planted marking parts of the foundations of the castle , so the positions of some of the buildings can still be inferred .


Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .


She died in October 1915 of a heart attack .


She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 , and was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .
She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 .
She was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .

Shea was born on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco , California .


Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .
Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest .
Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , hurled his shattered body into space .

The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry was raised at Winchester in January 1858 .


The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .
The Bureau of Alcohol , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .
The Bureau of Tobacco , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .
The Bureau of Firearms , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .
The Bureau of Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .

The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .
The CRZ was organized by the Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .

The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .


The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs .
many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp over the summer .
many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend classes over the summer .

The Triple-A Baseball National Championship Game was established in 2006 .


The Wilbur Cross Highway formerly ended in Sturbridge ; locals sometimes call Haynes Street and portions of Mashapaug Road `` Old Route 15 '' .
The Wilbur Cross Highway formerly ended in Sturbridge ; locals sometimes call Haynes Street '' .
The Wilbur Cross Highway formerly ended in Sturbridge ; locals sometimes call portions of Mashapaug Road `` Old Route 15 '' .

The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , merged to form the `` News '' in 1873 .
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , merged to form the `` Courier '' in 1873 .
`` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News '' in 1873 .
`` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` Courier '' in 1873 .

The canal was dammed off from the river for most of the construction period .


The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 .
The city was originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .

The community is served by the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office .


The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records .
The ensemble also has extensive recordings under their own label .

The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .
The failure of 1st Armored to deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .

The first five laps would be added to the second part of the race and the overall result would be decided on aggregate .
The first five laps would be added to the second part of the race .
the overall result would be decided on aggregate .

The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , .
The following tour featured extensive dates in Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore .
The following tour featured extensive dates in Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Guam .

The insurer sponsored the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981 .


The lodge is open from mid-May to mid-October , with two weeks starting in the end of August reserved for the Dartmouth First-Year Trips .


The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .
The permanent members are the provost .
The permanent members are the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor .
The permanent members are the deans or designees from the following Schools : Harvard Business School .
The permanent members are the deans or designees from the following Schools : Harvard Law School .
The permanent members are the deans or designees from the following Schools : Harvard Medical School .
The permanent members are the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts .
The permanent members are the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Sciences .

The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric or Greek style and their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .
their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric style .
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Greek style .

The race is in mixed eights , and usually held in late February / early March .
The race is in mixed eights .
The race is usually held in late February .
The race is usually held in early March .

The rapids at the head of the South Fork were removed in 1908 .


The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic .
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Inferno Red .
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .

The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .
The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping .
The residue can be strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .

The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff .
the crocodile breaks through a wall .
the crocodile devours Annabelle .

The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .
The riders climbed off , shouting protests in general .
The riders began walking , shouting protests in general .
The riders climbed off , shouting protests in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine .
The riders climbed off , shouting protests in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been taking aspirin to make his own job easier .
The riders began walking , shouting protests in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine .
The riders began walking , shouting protests in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been taking aspirin to make his own job easier .

The station has a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012 .
The station has a concourse area which was internally redesigned in mid-2012 .
The station has a concourse area which was reopened in mid-2012 .
The station has a ticket office area which was internally redesigned in mid-2012 .
The station has a ticket office area which was reopened in mid-2012 .

The third known version is part number 2189014-00-212 , with at least one model being produced in February 1993 .


Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil .
Then the fillets are put in a mix of vinegar .
Then the fillets are put in a mix of sugar .
Then the fillets are put in a mix of garlic .
Then the fillets are put in a mix of chill peppers .
Then the fillets are put in a mix of lots of parsley .
Then the fillets are put in a mix of lots of celery .

There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them .
There were 47,604 households out of which 56.30 % were married couples living together .
There were 47,604 households out of which 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present .
There were 47,604 households out of which 32.50 % were non-families .

These objects are thrown away if their screen projection is too small .


These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .

They beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .
They beat Milligan 1-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .
They beat Grand View 3-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .
They beat Webber International 1-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .
They beat Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .

This engine was equipped with an electronically controlled carburetor .


This had considerable implications for the Welsh language as it was the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales .


Total ` Fresh Food Story ' constructed at the end of the North Mall .


Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .
Watson was the founder of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media criticism launched in January , 2007 .
Watson was the founder of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media criticism shuttered in June , 2009 .
Watson was the founder of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of arts criticism launched in January , 2007 .
Watson was the founder of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of arts criticism shuttered in June , 2009 .
Watson was the editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media criticism launched in January , 2007 .
Watson was the editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media criticism shuttered in June , 2009 .
Watson was the editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of arts criticism launched in January , 2007 .
Watson was the editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of arts criticism shuttered in June , 2009 .

When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated .
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities created .

With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .


`` For a list of all medalists , please see the List of Great American Beer Festival medalists ''


A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton .
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as soybeans .
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as rice .

Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . ''


Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .


As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .


As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy .
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to currency issues .

Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .
Because patients require less attention from nurses , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .
Because patients require less attention from other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .

Both reflect the dismissal of lower - level and shorter - tenure executives .
Both reflect the dismissal of lower - level executives .
Both reflect the dismissal of shorter - tenure executives .

But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .
But he emphasized that new accounts of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .
But he emphasized that new sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .
But he emphasized that inquiries of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .
But he emphasized that subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .

But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .


But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $ 10,000 -- are n't reported .


Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .


Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules `` will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . ''


Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball .
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly flips it to second .

Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .


Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments .
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills .
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over testaments .

Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .


Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum .


For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .


Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .
Hani Zayadi was appointed president of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .
Hani Zayadi was appointed chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .

However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever .


Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .


In Japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market .


In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets , according to Lotus .
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for database analysis , according to Lotus .

It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .


Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts .
Japanese office workers use PCs at one - third that of the Americans .

Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .


Meanwhile , at home , Mitsubishi has control of some major projects .


Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients .
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating drug addicts .
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating pregnant women .

Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . ''


Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .


Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .


Now Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , claims he 'd play for free .


Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .

Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices .


Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .


Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions .


The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies .
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its internal controls .

The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , in September .
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was n't paid , in September .

The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps properly for takeoff .
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's slats properly for takeoff .

The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .


The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .


The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. , Triangle 's chief asset .


The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said .


The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .
The office may also be able to advise foreign clients on international law .
The office may also be able to advise foreign clients on general matters .
The office may also be able to advise multinational clients on international law .
The office may also be able to advise multinational clients on general matters .

The three existing plants and their land will be sold .
The three existing plants will be sold .
their land will be sold .

This week , New York City announced a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers .


USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto .
USG Corp. will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .

`` Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) .


`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus , '' he says .
`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , '' he says .
`` I will throw 80 - plus , '' he says .

`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } .
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to dump acquired assets through fire sales .

`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .


